Separating Dapr Workflows documentation on Spring Boot to it's separate page (#4975)
dapr/docs: sdkdocs/java/content/en/java-sdk-docs/spring-boot/sb-workflows-howto.md

---
type: docs
title: "How to: Author and manage Dapr Workflow with Spring Boot"
linkTitle: "How to: Author and manage workflows with Spring Boot"
weight: 40000
description: How to get up and running with workflows using the Spring Boot integration
---

Following the same approach that we used for Spring Data and Spring Messaging, the [`dapr-spring-boot-starter`](_index.md) brings Dapr Workflow integration for Spring Boot users. 

> With Dapr Workflows you define complex orchestrations (workflows) in (Java) code. The Dapr Spring Boot Starter makes your life easier by managing `Workflow`s and `WorkflowActivity`s as Spring beans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Dapr Workflows you define complex orchestrations (workflows) in Java code. The Dapr Spring Boot Starter makes your development easier by managing `Workflow`s and `WorkflowActivity`s as Spring Beans.
```

> In order to enable the automatic bean discovery you can annotate your `@SpringBootApplication` with the `@EnableDaprWorkflows` annotation: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable the automatic bean discovery you annotate your `@SpringBootApplication` with the `@EnableDaprWorkflows` annotation: 
```

```
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableDaprWorkflows
public class MySpringBootApplication {
  ...
}
```

> By adding this annotation, all the `Workflow`s and `WorkflowActivity`s beans will be automatically discovered by Spring and registered to the workflow engine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding this annotation, all the `Workflow`s and `WorkflowActivity`s beans are automatically discovered by Spring and registered to the workflow engine. 
```

## Creating Workflows and Activities

Inside your Spring Boot application you can define as many workflows as you want. You do that by creating new implementations of the `Workflow` interface. 

```
@Component
public class MyWorkflow implements Workflow {
    
    @Override
    public WorkflowStub create() {
      return ctx -> {
         <WORKFLOW LOGIC>
      };
    }

}
```

From inside your workflow definitions, you can perform service to service interactions, schedule timers or receive external events. 

> By having all `WorkflowActivity`s as managed beans we can use Spring `@Autowired` mechanism to inject any bean that our workflow activity might need to implement its functionality, for example the `@RestTemplate`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By having all `WorkflowActivity`s as managed beans you can use the Spring `@Autowired` mechanism to inject any bean that the workflow activity might need to implement its functionality. For example the `@RestTemplate`:
```

```
@Component
public class MyWorkflowActivity implements WorkflowActivity {

  @Autowired
  private RestTemplate restTemplate;
```

## Creating and interacting with Workflows

> To create and interact with Workflow instances you need to use the `DaprWorkflowClient` that you can also `@Autowired`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create and interact with Workflow instances you use the `DaprWorkflowClient` that you can also `@Autowired`. 
```
